[Insects chirping]
[Siren blaring]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Whoa!
Sonic!
Aah!
Tails, the plane's on fire.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna save Sonic.
Hang on, Amy!
We're gonna crash!
I know!
[Gasps]
Knuckles!
Hmm.
What's the matter with him?
[Explosions]
Overkill, just like always.
[Siren blaring]
Dr. Eggman, the facility
is in 100% lockdown.
Why does that cursed Sonic
always get in my way?
He doesn't get in your way,
Dr. Eggman.
Sonic just tries to stop you
from doing all
the bad things you like to do.
Chao, chao!
Oh, is that so?
Well, he's too late
to stop me this time.
Once I insert
the last Chaos Emerald,
my energy amplifier
will be invincible.
- But you can't do that.
- Chao, chao, chao!
That's right.
Sonic won't let you
get away with this.
[Laughs]
You're wrong, Creamy Dreamy.
He can't stop... Aah!
Sonic!
Sonic.
Too late.
You'll never stop me now, Sonic.
All I have to do is to push
this little button.
[Laughs]
Yeah, if you can push it
before I grab it.
Why don't you give it a try?
Don't let him get away!
Stop him, no matter what.
Aah!
No! Hold your fire!
Here we go!
What have you done?
What is that?
It used to be Chaos Control.
[Groaning]
Man, I must have passed out
or something.
Oh.
Hmm.
[Horn honks]
Aah!
Oh.
[Horns honking]
Where am I?
What are they all staring at?
What is this, Halloween?
So they can talk.
MAN:
What is that thing?
MAN #2:
Looks like a big hedgehog.
A blue hedgehog?
Well, whatever it is,
we better get it out of here.
Hey, buddy, wanna ride with us
down to the station?
Should I call for backup?
I have three kitty cats at home.
I think I can handle
this little fella.
[Smooching]
See that?
That thing's got an attitude.
A bad one.
Yeah, well,
he won't get away from me.
Huh?
Why, you little...
Take it easy.
I think we can handle this
without getting rough.
Yeah, but...
Duffy, get behind him.
Right, Sarge.
Okay, now, when I say the word,
we're all gonna jump him.
All right, then,
is everybody ready?
Let's do it!
Okay, I think I got his leg.
I got him around the neck!
All right, let's pull him out
at the count of three.
One, two, three!
Aah!
Don't worry, Sarge.
I got him.
Whoa!
[Siren wailing]
[Tires screeching]
Whoa!
Attention, all units.
A blue hedgehog is headed north
on Central Street.
Shut down all thoroughfares
leading into and out
of Station Square
and set up a roadblock
just before the on-ramp to 101.
I've never seen
a blue hedgehog before.
- Have you?
- [Laughs]
It must be one of them fancy
new sports cars from overseas.
Hey, if we catch it, maybe the
captain will let us drive it.
I bet it has one of
those cute hood ornaments
that looks like a hedgehog.
[Thud]
I don't know how I got here,
but I gotta find a way
to get out.
Hey, did you see
what I just saw?
I think I did,
but I wish I didn't.
They were in hot pursuit,
and it got away?
Can't those clowns
even catch a hedgehog?
There he is.
Visual contact.
Subject's headed north
on the Central Street Extension
about a mile and a half
from the entrance to 101.
Roger, Delta One.
Unit 3.
Subject is headed your way.
Repeat.
MAN:
Don't you worry.
This hedgehog can't get under,
around, or through us.
We'll stop him.
Well, he didn't get under us,
around us, or through us.
[Laughs]
They're gonna love this
down at headquarters.
Delta One to base.
I'm afraid that roadblock
didn't work.
No! Don't tell me
it got through?
Okay.
Bad news.
[Laughs]
Don't worry.
I think we've got what it takes
to round up
our furry little friend.
Speed team, get ready to roll.
[Siren blaring]
What's the temperature
of the road surface?
It's about 70 degrees
and dry as a bone.
Light breeze from the west?
Almost nothing.
Road.
Pitted or smooth?
Nice and smooth.
Then let's see.
Give me the five groove,
medium soft.
Here you go.
I've programmed gears five
and six to freeway speed.
Great.
Oh, and I filled that secret
fuel tank on your car
just like you asked me to.
Good work.
Chief, they last spotted the
subject at mile 79 on 101 north.
Roger.
All right, team, let's move out.
The sky looks the same.
So do the stars and the moon.
[Siren blaring,
electricity crackling]
I guess Chaos Control
must have sent me here.
I traveled through space.
Did I travel through time, too?
Am I the only one here?
[Thinking]
Are all the others gone?
Well, guess I'll find out
soon enough.
[Siren wailing]
Hi, there.
You're a hard hog
to keep up with.
Hey, hold on.
We don't get such fast company
very often.
In fact, I'm glad you showed up.
This place is way too peaceful.
Over the last 12 months,
I've only made one arrest.
Some joker got it into his head
that he was a hotshot driver.
Had his own Formula 1 car
and everything.
I guess he thought he'd give me
a run for my money.
But it was all over in a minute.
It took me longer
than that to suit up.
Hmm.
[Chuckles]
He never had a chance.
Of course, it's our own fault.
This town's dull
mainly because of us.
You see, we're the high-speed
pursuit unit, the S-Team.
And I'm the leader of the team.
They call me the Highway Star.
So even if you think you're
the fastest thing around,
think again.
[Engines turn over,
tires screeching]
[Thinking]
Run fast, hedgehog.
I wanna be the one to catch you.
Ha!
The S-Team, eh?
The "S" must stand
for slow motion. [Laughs]
It's accelerating.
Boost your rear-wing angle
to 20 degrees.
Roger.
Well, well, well.
It's starting to look
like the rush hour.
[Sarcastically] Oh, no!
How will I ever escape?
[Laughs]
Where is he?
Did I run him over?
Huh?
Huh?!
Hey, you!
This is dangerous!
It's irresponsible!
What happens if kids
start trying this?
Kids, don't use Formula 1
race cars to chase hedgehogs.
You're not gonna treat
the S-Team like chumps.
We'll teach you a lesson.
Boost all wings.5 degrees,
and let's get this guy!
Roger.
Full throttle!
What the...
How can...
It's playing with us!
Where'd this thing come from?
Chief, you got to do something!
Playtime is now officially over.
Attention, all units.
Open the center line.
[Tires screeching]
I didn't think
I'd have to do this,
but I have no choice.
I will not have anybody
faster than me on my highway.
[Laughs] The only way
he can beat me now
is if he goes supersonic.
[Laughs]
A sonic boom!
He's moving faster
than the speed of sound.
Chief, you're running out
of road!
Oh.
Maybe this place isn't so bad.
At least I know somebody
I can have fun with.
Oh!
A pool?!
[Chuckles]
Uh-oh.
[Grunting]
See ya!
[Muffled] Huh?
[Grunting]
[Coughing]
That was close.
Are you okay?
[Grunts] Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
I didn't think you could talk.
I can do a lot of things.
Wow!
That's awesome.
That you can talk, I mean.
My name's Christopher.
Do you have a name?
Yeah, I have a name.
My name is Sonic the Hedgehog.